>> Lucas: What I'd like everybody to do,
is we're just going to create
a child component, and I want us
to wire up an input and an output.
So, what I'm thinking is just
create a status component.
You can use the CLI for this,
create kind of a currentStatus input.
So you could just say, logged in.
And then create a logout output.
So just put a button in there,
that when you click it just says hey,
I wanna logout.
And so the idea is to just know that you
need to basic communicate status into it,
and then also handle the event to change
the status as an output, and then
implement the necessary Ul elements to
facilitate communication between the two.
What's that?
>> Speaker 2: What's the branch?
>> Lucas: You can do it off of
any branch for now,
whatever branch you're on.
it does not matter.
You could do it on Master branch.
So some of the examples we are going
to get into are only on Master.
So in this case it probably would
be fine to just hop into Master and
work from there